(upbeat music)
- I just wanted to say I appreciate you guys recording
later than usual,
accommodating my cello recital.
It went very well.
- Better.
- It was a lego-moderato by Johann Sebastian Bach.
Not to be confused with Sebastian Bach from Skid Row.
I did not cover a Skid Row.
- Dave doesn't tell us about his recitals
'cause he doesn't want us to go.
- That is exactly why I don't tell you about them
until after them, in which case it's too late for you to go.
- 'Cause I would get.
I'd check it out, dude.
- That's a problem.
I appreciate everyone being very supportive of it,
but I like that I don't know anyone there,
and it makes it easier to do.
If there were people there that I knew,
I'd just fuck up a lot.
That's why we wanna go.
- Yeah.
(laughs)
- And every time you fuck up,
I'm gonna slap the fingers with that.
(laughs)
- Just start laughing and throwing shit.
- Start over!
(laughs)
- Ooh!
That was a sour one.
(laughs)
A little flat there, Dave.
- This is exactly why he doesn't tell us.
So how are you feeling about your cello progress?
- I'm feeling pretty good.
It's been a little over five years now,
and like, it's been that fucking long.
- Yeah.
- And my teacher has a couple of younger kids.
I don't know how old they are,
and they're like struggling with the stuff
that like when I first started out,
and I'm like, oh man, it's so cool to see
like kids failing at something
as a reminder that I'm not that anymore.
- Right.
- Which is a little fucked up now that I say it all out.
(laughs)
- It's a measurement of progress.
- Yeah, exactly.
- I'm using a child's suffering
as a metric for my own successes.
- Even better.
- So episode 16.
Is that what this is?
That's what this is.
Sweet 16.
We didn't do a whole lot of episodes this year.
- Yeah.
- I think we did like five.
I think this is like the fifth episode of the year,
if I recall, something like that.
- I mean, we said upfront that this was not gonna be
a regular podcast.
- Right, I'm just comparing to previous.
- Yeah.
- Been a little spread out.
- I think we were doing a good job of,
you know, making sure there's enough to talk about each time.
By like, you know, holding off.
Or was it a bad year for music here?
- Ooh, uh oh.
- Good segue into the topic for this.
Should we insert some sort of like,
catchy, swooshy, exciting, like newsreel,
bumper sound right here?
Like, whoosh, don't don't.
Year in review.
- 2018 year in review.
- Awful year.
- Well, my notes for this cap are,
I got a lot of posy stuff on this.
- Good.
- I don't think it was a jerk balance out my shit talking.
I did go back into time.
I went back to episode 11.
- R 2017 in review.
- Wait, did you just go and listen to that episode?
Or did you actually go back in time?
- I went back in time.
- So like you were in the room
when we recorded that in person.
I was there as a hologram and I recorded it
and then I came back to the present
and I realized we already had a recording of it.
- Oh, yeah.
- And I thought I'd just listen to it on SoundCloud.
But in episode 11, during our 2017 review,
there was a couple things discussed
of what we wanted to see in 2018.
And some of those things actually came true.
- Wow, like what?
- You said you wanted the gristleizer to come out.
- And it did.
And you said you wanted that sonic terror in a module.
- And it was.
We said we wanted to see more processing,
especially granular processing,
more possibly a blown out version of clouds
or a high fidelity granular processing.
Both things now exist.
- It's true.
- We got the Nebula 2, which came out this year,
which is essentially higher quality version of clouds.
And there's the grayscale.
- Supercell?
- Yes, thank you.
Supercell.
Which literally is clouds with everything blown out,
brought to the forefront the whole nine yards.
It's like three times the size of the original clouds
and the whole nine yards.
It's big and it's got all the blend modes on the panel.
They all have individual CVs and a bunch of other stuff.
It's pretty cool.
I'm like real on the fence with getting one.
Like I still have the U-grids or U-burst rather.
- Yeah.
- I got the parasite firmware on there.
That's like the only thing that I'm holding back
on getting one of these is 'cause currently
it's just a factory firmware.
- Oh, yeah.
- If they release a version that is like
capable of running parasite,
that'd be all over it.
When it's back in stock,
it sold out like immediately.
- Yeah.
I don't wanna get too off track,
but just figure out talk about that a little bit.
You can't get like the original clouds anymore.
You know what I mean?
Unless you get it like second hand,
like that got discontinued in 2017.
So it's kind of cool that they came,
somebody came up with a better version.
Although he's been kind of teasing a little bit
that there's another one coming.
But it's gonna be a simpler granular processor.
- Yeah.
- Some sort of work.
- Oh, mutable does?
- Yeah.
That's another thing we were talking about.
And we were hoping that maybe that would come out.
Like Mark II, no dice on that though.
But in the meantime,
there's Nebula and Supercell I guess
to keep people busy with their granular mangling.
- And the marbles, which is pretty cool.
- Well, granted not granular at all,
but a good release from you.
- I just thought it was cool that
that's exactly what we discussed at the end of the year.
- Yeah.
Do we have any wants or asks that didn't come true
or were flops or wildly off the rails?
- We speculated that 2018 would be the year of the Omnimod,
which was partially true.
- It's partially true.
- It did come out and it did start shipping,
but it seems kind of like a flop.
Like not many people seem to be raving about it.
You know what I mean?
It didn't seem like a wild success.
There's no second batch being talked about.
It's kind of like,
it seemed like it shipped out and just kind of died down.
- Now, how much of that may have just been
all of the meta aspect of the Omnimod?
Like it shows up at your door and you're like,
I don't even want to fucking look at you.
- Well, another thing we said,
was maybe somebody will create something
that's an Omnimod, but not an Omnimod.
- Oh shit.
- And lo and behold, Zadar came out.
- Yep.
- And I think it kind of took it,
you know, the bull by the horns there.
Anyone that was hyped for, I think, Omnimod
or a second batch, I think kind of just jumped
on the Zadar train.
Like it's kind of impossible to get right now.
- Yeah.
- My first note is Zadar module of the year.
- I wrote that down to you.
- Yeah.
- I wrote MVM.
- Oh, most valued module.
- Slash Zadar.
- Yeah.
- That thread is just people talking about
how they can't make them fast enough.
- Yeah.
- Which is an awesome problem to have,
but also kind of a bummer.
- Yeah.
It's not even told January for the next batch,
which is probably mostly spoken for.
- Right, right.
I wonder if they just didn't realize
that it would be such a success
or if they just have to like scale production.
So that's two votes for module of the year.
Do you know what I mean?
- Oh yeah, absolutely.
- No question.
- I don't even know.
What would even be the runner up?
- Yeah.
- I don't know.
- I mean, for me, the aforementioned gristleizer.
- Yeah.
- That's my runner up.
- That's your personal second favorite of the year.
- Yeah.
And then my third is a graphic VCO.
- Okay.
- I had my top three listed out there and nice.
Yeah.
Those are mine.
- I've got my own personal.
I would say easily Zadar without question,
but a twin peak, epoch modular twin peak.
Favorite filter ever.
- I absolutely love it.
It's the juice, man.
It's the shit.
It's just, I don't know, something about it.
Really like it.
- Did you replace any filters with that one?
Or it just?
- Yes.
Polaris.
- Yeah.
- Then replace the Polaris in case actually.
And I'm pretty stoked about it.
'Cause it's a weird thing.
It's like two filters, but the way,
instead of making a band pass filter,
you wanna kind of always guarantee
that there's some space in the middle.
Otherwise you're gonna have silence
or it's gonna cross over it.
You would have these weird dead spots.
So his design was to take the flip of it
and to kind of use that.
The absolute invert of that
and to kind of map it against that.
So there's always this guaranteed space.
I can't explain it as well.
It's really hard to see until you visualize it.
But it's really the resonance.
As far as filters where you ping them
and they make a cool sound
and you can make stuff out of it,
it's the best one I've ever seen by far.
I've had QMMG, some other things that were really good at pinging.
This is kind of the God for that in my mind.
Turn the frequency down and it's like bass drop.
So you ping it super fast
and it's just very high definition kind of like pinging sounds.
On top of being an awesome filter.
So I'm using it all over the place.
Nice. Yeah.
Excellent design.
Really digging it.
Do you have a top three?
It's number three.
You've only done two.
I did three.
I'm not trying to brag, but I did three.
You've only done two.
You would have to steal on that for a minute.
Well, some of us were prepared and some of us were not prepared.
Fuck.
Probably memetic digitalis.
Hmm. OK.
OK.
Do we, I mean, have we gone in depth on that in these episodes yet?
I know you've had it for a minute.
I don't know if we've done a deep dive on it.
I don't know if we've talked about it all that much.
I don't remember. A little bit.
A little bit. Yeah.
It's like a mini Renee.
I remember you saying you really thought you were.
Yeah. I was like,
so I've had some realizations lately
that I don't like sequencers as much within my modular,
especially if they're doing no work,
because I like to do that in other sequencers.
But I've learned that the memetic,
it's probably my favorite, like, parameter sequencer of, like,
just like, I want to fuck up like a delay line or just like,
and do something like that.
Like, I like that one because you can do the parameter walk
or like the really clever, like, kind of stop it
and just like change a few notes, like,
and you get four of them and it's pretty small.
So, and like we were talking about earlier,
like the ability to like, see via, like hit those triggers
and like, nudge the sequence in a repeatable way to the point
where even when you take the voltage away,
it's like dead on where it should be in the sequence of music,
which we've talked about a little before on a previous podcast,
but that kind of like, the design, they kind of nailed it
and that kind of wins it, wins it for me.
I would say that's my third for sure.
Nice. So, wait, did you give three?
I did not.
All right, what's your throw?
Did you write down three or are you going to do this off the top of your hat?
No, I know it.
Off the day. You know it? Yeah, yeah.
Well, number one was the zider.
Number two was the marbles,
mutable and shot of marbles. Oh, yeah.
Even though I just got that very recently at the end of 2018,
I feel like it changed the game for me.
So talented. Yeah.
And it came out middle of the year, you know what I mean?
But I didn't really pay a whole lot of attention to it until just recently.
I was like, damn, yeah, kind of slept on it.
Kind of regret doing that.
Can you give it like a brief overview of like,
you mentioned something about this being the touring plus woggle bug?
Yeah, that's the best way I can describe it.
You know, it's a pretty deep module.
It's kind of hard to talk about everything that it can do
without like comparing it to things that existed before.
You know, I mean, the best way I can describe it is like a touring machine
meets a woggle bug, shift register, you know, randomization,
gate output, but at the same time,
outputs multiple CVs that are based on the timing of those gates.
The clocks, I should say, it's an all-in-one modulation random orgy of functionality.
You know, I really dug the woggle bug.
I've had one in my rack for almost a decade.
I feel like you always got to have that element of randomness,
you know, even chaos and a modular setup.
And I think Marvel's kind of nails it.
Takes it to the next level,
the ability to lock it and CV it and control the amount of randomness
that you want can get pretty intense or just very subtle with the generation
or generative patching.
Number three, I think, would probably be the Erika Drum Sequencer.
Yeah, I'll stick with that.
OK, that's a good answer.
I was going to say overstayer, but that's not a module.
No.
Well, I guess we're not restricting our conversations to modules ever.
So OK, yeah, you know, I take that back.
I like the drum sequencer.
But it didn't change my game.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I know.
Like it just replaced other sequencers that I was already using to do the same job.
I just like it better.
Whereas the overstayer, like that, you know, that flipped the script for me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And overstayer modular channel.
I guess I should be more specific.
I find a lot of the source modules that I've obsessively collected over the years
when I'm collecting dust because I just route everything through the overstayer more than anything.
Have you made new discoveries since the last--
because you talked about length the last time.
What have you discovered since then?
With the overstayer?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm constantly finding new shit with it.
Lately, I've been doing weird things where I'll disable the compression circuit
and I'll take the inputs way down and just kind of like give it room to breathe
and then boost everything up like using other stages for gain-stating.
The EQ, for example, you know what I mean?
Things like that.
Driving it with the filters, just driving things in different ways.
Just finding ways where less is more.
Your first demo that you gave to us, everything, was Crank to 11.
And it sounded amazing.
Yeah.
But yeah, just finding like nuances between the different circuits
by giving them headroom has been a lot of fun lately.
If I'm not mistaken, you're principally using it for drums.
Have you been using it with other stuff as well?
Yeah.
I've been routing sub-nixes through it.
Atmospheric stuff to give things like texture.
Yeah, yeah.
I've been sending everything through it.
That's what's been leading to different levels of experimentation
with it finding out where I like sweet spots for certain things.
So far, it's been able to handle anything I've thrown at it.
That's awesome.
I had a second note here.
I don't know if we touched on this on 2017 or ever in the past,
or if this was just something that was kind of in my brain.
But I have the note here that people are still coming up
with cool new ideas.
They're getting fewer and far between.
They are.
But they still exist.
It doesn't seem like it's gone completely dry.
It does feel like 2018 was peak, your Iraq.
As far as popularity goes and people put things up,
but at the same time, there was so much different variations
of things that heard you exist.
There was very few--
I'm arguing that those gems are enough to go,
but there are still some cool ideas left to still have.
And we're not just gone into a rut of coffee-cats around.
It's such a high level now, too.
I think before it was like, oh, this exists.
Well, now it's like, oh, but I've made a better one now.
People are one-upping each other.
And I think it's like the quality of modules
seems to be higher, too.
Digital oscillators are way better than they were before.
I think it's kind of getting to the--
I don't know, the state of the art's
pretty interesting now compared to where it was, where it was just
like, oh, somebody made this thing that was like a surge,
or a blue light now.
It's like another level, which is really cool to see.
Yeah, so one of the things I've drawn it down to,
it was hopeful to see in 2019 is more crazy digital shit.
I'm tired of just seeing the same analog circuits being
redone in slightly different ways,
or that just being the selling points.
Oh, it's analog.
I still kind of feel that way about what
was it, the endorphins--
Oh, the black noir.
Interesting concept, but the sound did not really sound much
different than any of the other analog drum circuits
that you could get out there.
I was like, if they would have went a digital route,
and you could have programmed different drum voices,
and then have snapshots of them that you could recall,
I want to see a module like that.
Not another analog, want to be 808 or whatever.
There's enough modules out there that can make techno.
I mean, processing power and everything,
you're saying the quality of stuff coming out right now
has never been higher.
But I think there's hopefully someone out there
designing some really crazy digital stuff that
utilizes the processing power that we can squeeze into a tiny
module now.
Just take things to the next level.
Or even something novel, like just even the idea of the Zadar
and using the vectors.
Yeah, Zadar is a great example.
I want to see more--
Same here.
Yeah, exactly.
I want more things with the recallable presets too.
Exactly.
I love that more and more now.
It's like I'm just kind of goal to be able to go back to at least
most of the sound.
I want to see that, and I want to see the ability to CV
between modules that can utilize snapshots for--
Exactly.
And then you're kind of getting into the territory of like,
oh, it's just preset machine.
You know what I mean?
But it doesn't have to be that way.
Yeah, Bucla 200E stuff was like that too.
That was the whole point of the E. And they think they got
something pretty good back then.
Or at least we're close to a really good idea.
A snapshot is different than a preset.
Because like going back to the graphic VCO,
I've got a ton of snapshots now.
But I put a pretty good amount of effort in each one of those.
Those are going to be like, no one else is going to want them.
They sound like hell.
Yeah.
You're still going to patch it.
You're still going to do a million things to get it to do something.
And actually in the graphic VCO, there was no snapshots that came with it.
Nice.
Yeah.
It really was like--
So blank.
--this is all you--
Yeah.
--it's all the user-manics.
--of the chance of such stuff.
I dig that.
Yeah, same here.
I'm pretty sure early 2019, we're supposed to see Hertz donut Mark 3
from Industrial Music Electronics, AKA Harvest Man.
And I'm pretty sure he has a preset system in that,
where you can save your stuff and then recall it.
And I think you can even see between it.
And I'm like, hell yeah.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's the type of stuff I want to see in 2019.
I want to see a drum voice like that.
You know what I mean?
An all-in-one, maybe four-channel drum machine
where you can program each drum the way you want, take a snapshot.
And then CV between that.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I don't know.
If you see all the stuff I have jotted down
that I was really hopeful for next year.
I don't want to--
I don't know.
It's hard to make a prediction this year, I think.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Like, there was a lot of stuff that
was on the horizon at the end of 2017, rolling end of 2018.
Right now, I'm not so much.
You know what I mean?
A lot of stuff came out that was either good
or got largely ignored.
You know what I mean?
Just like, not a whole lot on the horizon
that I'm like super stoked for or anything.
Well, I've got a twist on that.
Actually, I have a counter-argument to that.
Because one of my notes is, I feel like 2018
is the calm before the storm for the next wave of video shit.
OK.
So specifically, I'm talking about the structure,
which we've talked about in the past.
The promise of structure is pretty high.
And all the new LZX series of video processing.
I didn't know there was a new series coming.
Yeah.
It's Memory Palace is one of them.
There's a couple other ones that are up on our site.
And Lars kind of touched on them briefly at NOPKON.
But it does seem like that next step in what you can do with video.
And this may not be correct.
I may be wrong in this prediction or this hope.
But mid-2019.
When you see a video modular performance,
it could be completely different than what you expect to see now.
I mean, there's evidence to support that, man.
I mean, NOPKON alone.
Like we saw so many different video stuff more
so than any other year previously.
And I am hyped for structure, for sure.
It's just at a point where we've been watching that evolve
for three or four years now.
I'm kind of-- it's just like on the back burner for me.
When it comes out, I'm going to be super hyped and jump on it.
But in the meantime, I'm just trying to put it out of my brain.
If they all converge to come out in January,
I mean, it would just be like--
Flipping the script.
It would flip the script in a pretty short amount of time.
I'll be curious to see if in the next year--
so for live performance, modular got to a certain level
of exposure, I feel, where I was like, oh, almost like--
a lot of people are playing live with modulars
or the whole YouTube channel modular performance thing
became almost a meme in its own right.
And I'll be curious to see if people still
stick with using modulars to make music
or if that becomes like just--
like it was a fad that became popular as like all the stuff
crested probably somewhere like a little bit of both,
I would think.
But I'll be curious to see like how much it still sticks around
in the next couple of years or if it just becomes this like
curiosity and people shift over to like, oh, I just
use like a profit X in this drum machine that's new or something.
You know?
I don't know.
Everyone does shit differently.
But they did become a little more popular to see people
playing with a modular live.
I feel like there's this other sector entirely of like people
making these like really beautifully shot,
like the video is beautiful and it's really nice ambient,
like high texture stuff.
And when I first started discovering this and like,
listen to them like, this is great.
And then I realized like six months later,
I'm like, I kind of indistinguishable.
Yeah.
This has almost become like a cliche in like a matter of like
six months.
It would be kind of cool if there was an evolution of that.
Like taking that idea and going like, OK,
I spent a week on this patch and I'm
going to make this a beautiful presentation.
But it doesn't have to just be this like really soft ambient.
It brings the clouds kind of thing.
Yeah, exactly.
I was just going to say that is part of the biggest part
of why I slept on marbles from those part of this year.
Because I've gotten so numb to like,
people just taking any combination of mutable instrument
stuff and making the same exact sounding thing with it
and putting it on YouTube.
It's real nice.
Like I'm very pretty.
It's very pretty.
It's very good.
It is just--
I am.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure you got it in the sense of like,
it doesn't sound bad or like it's not like,
like people are not phoning it in.
These aren't, this is people putting time in,
putting thought into it.
It's just, it's been done to death.
And I thought Magneto was another one
that got that ended up going this route.
Yeah, yeah.
Magneto's lumped in there a lot.
Yeah.
It's kind of the sound.
But you will see clouds, you'll see rings,
you'll see marbles, you'll see plats,
and you'll see Magneto all in the same setup constantly.
Oh, and elements.
You know what I mean?
It's like always the same combo of stuff
and trying to make the same sound.
Like I love mutable instruments to stuff.
But like that whole mindset that that's
what you're supposed to do with his stuff,
kind of like turn me off to it for a while.
You know?
And I started like--
And it was hard to figure out that it
was capable of doing anything else.
Right.
Because that's all you saw for--
Yes.
Honestly, to this day, for a lot, like elements,
it's pretty hard to find anything that isn't.
It's like a really lovely ambient.
Yeah.
You type in YouTube like any mutable module,
and that's what you're going to find.
It's really hard to find a demo that isn't that.
Right.
And for a minute, I didn't know what the home marvels actually
did.
You know what I mean?
Like anything that I pulled up in YouTube was just that.
You know?
Yes.
I can't tell them apart.
Right.
You know?
It's like I want to hear somebody making something unique
with this stuff.
Like it's more than capable than just the rings
through clouds sound.
Like it's-- there's more that you can do with it.
At the same time, I don't want to sound like I'm talking shit.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I like to find the ugly side of things.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And it was just something different.
I mean, they're really indistinguishable.
And I was just thinking of someone
like at a table with a cactus and this pretty modular,
but they're just fucking sobbing at the table
when it's just this horrible, harsh noise just like,
rrr, rrr, rrr, and then just go, God, they didn't say it would do this, too.
It's fucking tears.
I don't subscribe to YouTube channels.
That would be my first subscription.
I just pound that subscribe button.
Crying into my rings.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, God.
I mean, but we are missing an opportunity, though.
Because we could-- we could actually have like a yoga class
where we have all of these, I mean, basically new age sounding sounds.
Modules are the new avocado toast.
[LAUGHTER]
This is how I'm just allowing me for a lovely brunch
and listen to my new mutable instruments patch.
I just keep thinking of the companion polar opposite channel now,
where it's like someone comes along, everyone's along,
just whips the shit out of my person.
Programming a modular.
Fuck, fuck.
Fuck that thing one more time.
Do it.
Fuckin' dare you.
That's where our brains live.
Yeah.
The gutter.
One might say, in the dumpster.
[LAUGHTER]
See?
I had to do it.
You didn't have to do it.
No, you could have stopped.
That's good.
You had the power to stop.
I'm glad you didn't stop.
I do kind of want an element still there.
Yeah.
I've always, always lost you.
I got it again for the third time.
Third, yeah.
That's it.
This is it though.
I mean, you've gotten this.
I'm keeping it, yeah.
I've realized it is what it is, and I like it.
You know what I mean?
Last time I resold it because I thought, oh,
Plonk had replaced this.
Oh, that's right.
Plonk is completely different.
And gone.
You don't even have one.
Oh, I do.
Wait, where's your plonk?
It's sitting over there waiting to be sold.
Oh, wait.
I did sell it.
No, I shipped it out two days ago.
You're right.
Yeah, it's gone.
I forgot.
It sold within minutes, and we put it up on reverb.
I mean, you--
That's why I forgot.
You having it out of your case and sitting over there
waiting to be sold would not actually count as you having it
anymore.
Yeah.
That's like limbo over there.
Like, I did everything over my long weekend.
Like, I took every module out, put them back in and away.
I wanted stuff that I realized I hadn't been using that much.
I just put over there.
And I was like, I'll think about selling this or what.
But yeah, I mean, plonk is interesting,
but I just had a couple of problems with it in the mix.
You know what I mean?
It has like a unique sound, and it's
hard to make it jive with other things, in my opinion.
And as far as physical modeling goes,
I still like elements.
And like, Rainmaker has like a processor and all that.
Like, the plonk, which is kind of like, mm.
Yeah.
It wasn't doing a whole lot with it.
So off it goes.
Funny story about that, elements.
That was the filthiest module that I've ever received from somebody.
Do you want to name names?
I don't want to name names.
They know who the fuck they are.
You know what they did.
They know what they did.
I got the package, and I opened it up,
and it was one of those things where like, you're not even
through the bubble wrap yet, but you smell it.
Yeah.
And I was like, hmm, I think this guy might be a smoker.
I couldn't tell if it was smoke or dirt,
but it definitely was like an aroma came out of the box.
And I was like, hmm, boy.
And I unwrapped it and like, you know how like you run your finger
along the mantle.
You know?
Oh, yeah.
And it's just like gritty.
You got that dust on your finger.
The whole panel was like that, dude.
Oh, that's terrible.
So I immediately just put it down.
And I got the pliers, and I pulled every knob off it.
I threw every knob because they were filthy.
Into a little Tupperware thing full of rubbing alcohol.
Let it soak for like a minute, and then I rinsed them all off
and dried them out.
And then I took Q-tips and alcohol swabs
and just cleaned the fuck out of the panel as best I could.
There was still some grime around like the little nuts
and whatnot, and the little plastic knobs on there
that I couldn't get fully cleaned.
I didn't want to pull the whole panel off.
Sure.
But I was tempted to.
I was just going to take the whole panel off
and just give that thing a scrub like alone.
But yeah, that was pretty grimy.
But yeah, that was just annoying.
I don't have much on the horizon.
I got that plat because I could swap that out.
But I kind of know what to expect there.
I know what I'm getting there.
There's nothing else that I'm really looking for.
Well, I mean, if that's the case for the next couple episodes,
maybe we can do some demos.
We've only done demo in a while.
Deep dives, demos.
Let's get some deep dives.
Maybe we can ask the readers or listeners.
We could ask the listeners.
What would you like us to deep dive?
Maybe it's something we hadn't thought of with people.
Oh, you talked about this, but you only glossed over it.
And they want us to sink our teeth into it.
Listeners?
We're open to suggestions.
I don't know how they get a hold of us.
I think we have a Gmail account that--
Do we?
Yeah.
Yeah, we've had one for a while.
I mean, I've seen people leave comments on SoundCloud.
Yeah.
I'm hearing there.
Hopefully they're not-- like, hopefully the inbox in our Gmail
account is in, like, 1,000 feet.
Like, why won't you get a hold of me?
I can't remember the last one I checked it.
Yeah, me neither.
Oh, this is a weird idea.
I just thought up to--
maybe one episode we could all do, like, a 10-minute set.
Oh.
Or like, just a patch.
Just like, make a patch and then explain it.
Maybe like, go over what it is.
And I mean, now that I have this case,
I can fucking bring it over here and play it.
Like, we could do something.
Or yeah, even play it and then talk about it or something.
Yeah, I think that's a great idea.
I've never thought about that before.
Yeah.
Might be cool.
I mean, if it sucks, we'll just stop doing it.
Yeah, yeah.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Yeah, that one labeled "Facos" always cracking the whip,
dude.
Yeah, but I mean, like--
It's sleep faster.
You're talking about such a well-oiled machine.
Like, you don't want to be in the grinds that to a halt.
Do you know what I mean?
How would you keep the machine going?
Right, right.
Ranking out the records.
I hear the owners, like, the Elon Musk of our labels,
where, you know, 120-hour weeks.
And if you're not pulling your weight, like--
Yeah.
It's not just a label.
It's a lifestyle.
It is.
It's like driving by that building in Ohio
where they make the crews.
But it's just like a fucking--
It's just Greg's face on the fucking side.
Holy shit.
It's just one of those electronic billboards
and it's just me making a fucking mutable instrument
and ambient trash.
I'm just in the factory doing it 24/7.
Oh my god.
He's got like sandals on him.
There's a cactus next to him.
Reverb tail never ends.
Just keeps going.
Like my suffering.
There's just like a stack of strum and petals next to him.
Each one's being right into the next.
So these robot arms just twiddling knobs on elements.
Oh my god.